What are containers?
    Developers use Docker containers to package their applications,
    frameworks, and libraries into them, and then they ship those
    containers to the testers or operations engineers.

    To the testers and operations engineers, a container is just a
    black box. It is a standardized black box though. All containers
    can be treated equally.

Why are containers important?
    Applications running in a container are more secure than their
    counterparts not running in a container.
    Containers use Linux security primitives such as Linux kernel
    namespaces to sandbox different applications running on the
    same computers and control groups in order to avoid the
    noisy-neighbour problem, where one bad application is using all
    the available resources of a server and starving all the other
    applications

    Due to the fact that container images are immutable, it is easy to
    have them scanned for common vulnerabilities and exposures.

    Containers make it easy to simulate a productions-like
    environment, even on a developer's laptop. Since containers are
    very lean compared to VMs, it is not uncommon to have many
    containers running at the same time on a developer's laptop
    without overwhelming the laptop.

    When applications are all containerized, operators can start to
    standardize their infrastructure. Every server becomes just another
    Docker host. No special libraries or frameworks need to be installed
    on those servers, just an OS and a container runtime such as Docker

Container architecture
    Containers are only possible due to the fact that the Linux OS
    provides some primitives, such as namespaces, control groups,
    layer capabilities and more, which are leveraged in a very specific
    way by the container runtime and the Docker engine.

    Linux kernel namespaces, such as process ID (pid) namespaces or
    network (net) namespaces allow Docker to encapsulate or sandbox
    processes that run inside a container.

    Control Groups make sure that containers cannot suffer from the
    noise-neighbour syndrome, where a single application running in
    a container can consume most or all of the resources of the whole
    Docker host. Control Groups allow Docker to limit the resources
    such as CPU time or the amount of RAM that each container is
    allocated.

    The container runtime on a Docker host consists of containerd and
    runc. runc is the low-level functionality of the container runtime,
    while containerd, which is based on runc, provides higher-level
    functionality. Both are open source and have been donated by
    Docker to the CNCF.

    The container runtime is responsible for the whole life cycle of
    a container. It pulls a container image (which is the template for
    a container) from a registry if necessary, creates a container
    from that image, initializes and runs the container, and eventually
    stops and removes the container from the system when asked.

    The Docker engine provides additional functionality on top of the
    container runtime, such as network libraries or support for plugins.
    It also provides a REST interface over which all container operations
    can be automated. 